They look like people.

embracing the warmth of another sun, waters rushing fast accross the fresh face of the sprawling plains, there it was. Just standing there, looking so longing and forlorn at
the possibility of seeing what more we could have. What we are and wanted was all that mattered. We were the work, the dream, we were our reality now and after, and this home was made 
by us, for us. 

these were the dreams laid at the feet of the fitted shoes, and we were made/created/engendered/preciptataed to choose, created only to offer choice to our environment. /

They sat up there in those towers for years ! Scribbling away on old, long dusty pieces of parchment, determinig the extent and efficicay of THIS world, that we had always seen as ours, and ours alone. 
Who were they to do that ? Tell me, I'd like to know who to send the gratitude, love, admiration, misery and hatred too. "Advantage of the first movers" Was uttered somehwere in the crowd. I cannot say 
who said it, the remarks that followed after were unmistakable of course. "Well, why do you say of course", well... 

These were the last of the old days, "the good ones" I once heard someone describe them to me. "Perhaps you cannot see this now, since all of these other distractions simply will not allow for that, but 
that big moment in the sun is coming", "The sky is alwyas falling, and maybe now would be the most opportune time to make peace with everything that will happen". "Peace!" she laughed in snort like derision. "What 
peace is there to be found in a place like this ? that is what I would like YOU to tell ME !" screaming back at her. "can any one of us really walk around here as if nothing happened, is continueing to happen and 
seems to be headed in the direction of not acquiescing itself anytime soon to the palatability of the masses". "MbAmto, alwasy so full of the questions (ghasped breath)". 

Yeah, I think she was attempting/trying to figure out what she was even doing here in the first place. Maybe she just could not find a good enough reason, I dont know. We're not here to judge, but they do it anyway. But she 
continued to go through everything, hating herself, for being both too good and yet never good enough. A tricky equilibruim to need to constant maintain. "Yeah its tough" my reply. "Too tough for many, even. Always with the struggles too, 
when you will just bring something good that I can use. any old good news would do I think". I sat there, for an even longer time, wanting to watch as everything around me became dust, after a swift and effecient immolation. "The cleansing"
unparallaed in its purpose, this was the will of god, and who knwos the mind of god better than the offspring. Those who were deemed worthy on high, from some decree made so long ago, its relevancy could have hardly mattered in that moment.
Still we press on, I pressed forwarding, wanting on the inside, conveying a slightly different attitude on the outer side. I could have said that i wanted to live forever, just in between those quiet moments, of no connection yet simulatneaously of
no disturbance or perturbation from some unaffected outside entity. These times were uncorruptable, unadultaraed, and perhaps this was sthe secret to eternal life, finally gleaned. One need to only reach out a heand and pluck at from the heart 
of the tree of life. The tree of life began and ends at the same place, within the mind itself, safely it is held within those walls, a blessing in the form of a sanctuary, a curse in the form of a prison, excerbated by still being able to see the 
outside world, filled with voluition, agency, mutability, possibility, and still not able to firmly graps anything between ones own two hands. Sand not even slipping thourgh the fingers, but merely someone else's bad memory that I was never fully able
to shake off. It is glimpses and captured moments in this life looked like, appeared before me. As if it is the life of another, a re-gift that I am told to choose what you shall do with it. What were the resrt of the options personally afforded to me 
throughout the moments where my eyes had to be "open" ?. "God told me to hate myself" and was told "why" was never the real question to ask here. "Why's don't matter" when you have all the time in the world right. The first thought, a glistening nugget 
shining brightly from beneath charred rubble of a still burning reality. It is now another one of those things, and this seems always to be growing, that haunts me. In my dreams even, it slips in, the waking nightmares, the shadowed somber minutes, 
hours even of seeing a glossy, fresh coat of dew after a brisk ealry morning shower. You knoew it was there, I knew it was there, we all did, I thought to myself, and not a single word shall be uttered. We could find all the proof needed, put it in a box, 
put that box in room, brick that room off and bury with the rest of our truths, right on top of the bodies who sought to destroy our lies. We have won, I am the winner of this lottery. The survive who gets to dictate a story, even if it is not my own. 
How could I not deserve EVERYTHING, after winning a prize such as that. This is my chance, and alas, i also had to hold belief that I am not the only one. All other things being equal, I was not here alone, the circle of winners was portentious, prodiguous, 
filled with extra wieght, baggage, another opportunity to "cleanse" all of this undesirability from our minds, hearts, and our world. my world. 

So you're saying you cant accept simply as who they are ? Why cant you just go along with it, or even just leave ? I'll always have to run, will always have some place else that I would need to be, if I do not stand now. If not now, then never, the road 
must end somewhere, musnt it ? When can we choose to accept, and when must we choose our own acceptance, uniltired or altered, even at the expense of another. What is the greatest expense to be paid if prejiduice, bias is allowed to contiune and flourish,
thrive even, creeping up from the "margins" of society, but this is society, that is what we have convinced her of, so artfully and tact. My child, you will be running for the rest of your days, either trying to catch ro run away from one dream of another.
Rest is for those who no longer deserve life. the work consumes all. it is all that mattered. 

I did not choose this, and yet it feels as if i am being asked to make the most, or anything out of this, and why should I ?  I dont think apathy is freedom =, perhaps some temporary stay from hideaous blows and views, an ephemeral reprieve for all who sought
the momunment built by gods for themselves, only to have those who layed the stone, who cleans its smooth faces and sharp crevices, look upon its greatness with awe and mysticism, until they themselves are finally buriued beneath it, offering its support for 
all future generations to look upon it more in the distant future.

"You always say that this statue will be here, long after the last light has extenguished in the known universe, and you know what, I could never quite figure out how anyone could be so sure if something, or of anything really". 
You are not alone. You have a home, ready to be made and cared for, within yourself.

"I could lift but one finger and destroy every single thing that you have built, up to and including you. Tell me, why if all this power is possesed, should it not be exercised. GIfts talents and creativity were meant to elevate those who do not porsses such value, 
who cannot choose for themselves, inasmuch as to where the choice must then be made for them. I speak of the rights afforded to me, handed to me by birthright, by blood, such rights from which you are dispossed, deemed unworthy, but not completely unnecessrary. 
That status still needs a new fresh paint of polish, it would do you well to not saunter and get to it right away." The face was talking, the eyes were looking. I was in disbelief, maybe even shock at what had been said. Who were any of us to assert our roles, and 
why did it feel as if I was the one questioning right while she had already accepted it belonged to her all along. To lose everything, including yourself, and eventually your own life, this was an existential threat at one point in time. It seemed like anthing else 
could hardly even matter after the feeling of such loss, whatever "after" was still left. 

"You sit here and want to be them, want to be like them, want to have all they are in possession, even if it comes at the ultimate cost, you. All that you are, were and shall be is erased, that is the cost of admission, the debt, price owed and to be paid, 
even if you could somehow pay it.", "But how can I still live in this world with them ? When they are purpoted and seen as goods, even by me at times, something special to be obtained, you do not think that I would not give everything, including muself, just 
to have a taste of that essence ?". A point of fear, rage and dangerousness, on both sides of the coin, those who think they are gods and those who think they only exist to serve them. At the time, I would speak to teh feeling of entrapement this mentaility provokes
on the side of the servent, howver, all withitn system plays their role. "Maybe the reason you could not find discontinuoty here, is because it does not exist. This was tautaliogical, unkistakable, unshakable truth. Proof of life, that we were here and our marks
stayed on after we had all but perished to the winds of time. Proof that the original assertion of "we mattered" actaully was, after all this time, true and demontrably, clearly provable. "


I wanted proof, truth and lies and devastation, hatred, love all of the oppsign finalities come together and make something that mattered. WE "made something of ourselves" and we mattered and what we made mattered.
I search wholly, completely, unapologeticaaly not only for some figment, fragment of freedom and restitution, but for a semblence
of meaning, no matter small the speck or praticle, Knowing it was there, having that proof, that would be a good thing, maybe not the only thing, but it would be SOME thing. "Proof of what ?" 

So go out and build your monuments, find your moments, knowing that one day they will be let go, for as you say "it did not matter". You were the only proof that was needed, and for today, at least in this one instance, that is enough.  
 
 No, you are in fact not them, but somehow you can still manage to be the best among .
 
in every wrinkle, throughout every facet of life, she has seen these lives. Played out, endless again and again, for them to gawk at, to see. She moved, slick, furtive, smoothly thorugh the tall grazed, that grzed the sides of her face. Narrowly
avoiding the eyes, gently touching the surface and outer corner of the mouth, the lips. She moved from dawn, early into the rising sun, between the setting moon, the day began a new. Fresh morning honey, land of silken sheen, light bursting above in the
heavens, new, yet familiar, color filling the world back up once again.
 
he let out a small chuckle followed by a slightly exasperated release breath of air. "It just all feels so pretentious, getting up there and spilling the beans, lobbing my heard and soul at the masses, whether they choose to accept it or not". "Well don't 
you feel like your story should at least be told, especially while you still have some chance of telling it for yourself.?" she asked back. Another deep sigh followed "Ughm ph, I don't know. Really I just cannot tell you how many times it feels like I am still coming back 
to this place, seeing these hands, looking into these dark brown eyes. I just do not know". "Alls I know is, is that life keeps going on regardless, no matter how good bad or anywhere in between it gets. As if life is only inasmuch gaurunteed as certain unforeseeable death".
"I dont think youre wrong though. Sharing my story just some parts of it, does make it seem like the loneliness is a bit more bearable. but what about for all of these in between moments, when I have to "Make a home within myseslf" moments ? huh, what about 
then ? what am I suppose to do with that, what does anyone do with that, as I feel like i MUST know that it isnt just me out here, truly alone, strugging and the only one who has ever struggled with these things. Yet behaviour does not change, 
people still act as if the world plays no bearing on their lives, or that they in turn influence it, piece by piece. Even if I can accept the terms of these conditions, about those, those MANY, who do not, will not and shall never accept these terms ?" I continued on.
"Is it really just me who is th eproblem here then ? or do I just keep mucking through, collecting anyone who would (foolishly) bother (or dare) to listen, hoping my comrades, any comrade, will come to my aid in an hour of need. Don't know, just doesnt seem like its fair 
or even enough, at least for me, at least in this life, so graciously bestowed and laid at my feet for my own personal folly". She went on with her reply "SO then what? are you saying that if you had the choice you would have chosen differently for your life, for mind, your body
you aesthetic, your representation through the various spaces throughout which you move ?". "Let go of your pride, I was once told, and I thought to myself immediately after, that this is not my pride, this is the entirety of my future, and fool would I be to just simple "let that go",
now THAT, is the definition of insanity. "
 
 
 
 
 
 
