beginning to move the past barrier with something more simple in nature. Hoping to make the process too comnplicated, but I can feel that the time has come to begin the record. I have 
feeling, that is real enough, to me. 

Still I was in disbelief, wondering how long if and when it would take before I had some sense of moving forward. Just still wanting to move forward, with life and everything else
in between, concerned about the myriad of othe rproblems that permeated this current existence and filled the void of living. There seemed as if a fixation had seeded itself within the mind, 
and I was wanting to see more than these struggles. Beginning to question now why mendacity was such a pinnacle of sins, how it hurt, and continued to provide a slow burn, maybe for all involved. 
This feeling was, in all, unpleasnt. Something to be extricatd, removed, torn away at the first opportunity in order to satisfy the drean of living in continued ignorant bliss. The full 360, which 
was perhaps something that was a pure fabrication of mind, or was an actual physical (even metaphysical ? ) phenonemnon that was defining this experience for me. How could anyone be seen this way ?
How could anyone see the world in that way ? The questions pushed on.


I feel so afraid of losing everything, and the idea of recording anyhting but the best projecting feel, felt like the only acceptable way to live. vulnerability and truth are so difficult to access
and feel like it is being given to another. 

Acceptability: such a goal to attain, questioning why even does one need to be acceptable, accepted, among the blessed, the folly, the "pure of heart" of 
mind and desireability. 

Connection: so desperate to have it, consume it, live in it, be surrounded by it, and be consumed whole by it.  

Here stood another crossroad, another moment where I would have liked to just make some simple binary decision, that was not complicated, that was not marred by subtly pervasive inconsistencies. 
just go "up" or "down", no in between, no other forms or methods or schemes, no "going around", just simply "up" or simply "down" was the eastiest choice that I hoped for, but the best I could 
was write it.

I do this because I can, because I am able to.

