D and J

PART II

what led them to live with these choices in the end? 

- Waiter

	"Enjoy these moments" she said to me, with delicate hands contining to hold the stained glass and a small, yet brazenly warm smile, "these small, precious sighs will bring you great comfort one day, if you allow them to. 
	They are what you have to hold on to, in the end, you know, just for you". A polite headnod and smiled was returned to her, along with a slight twitching crunch of the eyebrows, marking a slight and unsettled confusion. 
	"I'll see what I can do" was my reply. 
	
- office

- cover
	I had the feeling that we dont discuss. I felt like they were the types that I deservre, looking at the secret from an opposite angle. It is a diffifult thing to admit to thinking to, having the mere idea could end it all, thinking that
	this was the only another form of reparation. Did I think that was the whole truth, cant say that happened. I felt that it was in fact another question, another piece of the mystery which will one day lead me to everythign I desire in this 
	world.

- Jerry in the City
	"Despierte-te ! Jeraldo, get up !". His eyes slowly opened, as they were being bombarded from heavy rays of light coming from a distant source. "Get up !, it's time to go", "Alright" Jared said, "I'm up". A young Jared
	arose from a dusty old floor level bed and began moving about the room. He'd been in this city for all of three weeks, and it was time for him to make his way in this new world. 

- The couch 
	He whispered gently in my ear, his body pressing more tightly on mine, "I will love you... forever". She smiled in ectasy at hearing those words, as his hands began making their way down here skin.

- A quiet place
	He felt his heavy breath emenating from his lips onto his own. "So what are you going to do about it?" He said back to him. Godson stood there, motionless, seemingly unable to move from the tension built up between the two of them, and now 
	holding him there, a hostage, in place. Jared's lips eased their way onto godson's, despite godson's every attempt to try and pull away. He was powerless. These soft, caressing lips spread their power throughout godson's entire body.   

- 	Godson's birthday 
	Diurdele laughed gently, "I know you could never hurt me" and she hugged him.


- Speaking with the teenage daughter at the kitchen counter about the end and the many new beginnings. (Reminiscent of asking MM of the read letter in the kitchen)
	"Really, what was he like back then?" She asked me casually. "Well sweety,  he was... complicated I guess you could say".

- fixation 
	"find peace, find balance", "no balance, no peace", mantras i kept repeating to myself. I was in the realm of "stuck"; "why did he do this, why me? why did this happen, to me of all people ? why ? why ??" . I've heard this called "fixed", before, where this glue
	pervades the mind and consumes everything throughout, whole. I was still moving through a range of feeling, pernicious cycling, scrambling for answers. 
	...There did come the point, in time, where I could feel the energy poured forth into fixation began to change, into what one would like to think was productivity. 
	
	
	  - Does my music not seek to heal your weary and broken soul, Does it not lead you to the path of all that you desire? Are these the crimes for which you have forsaken me my love? Her dejected voice made light of lament, and was strong in confidence
	  that control was at her hand. She could have him, let alone anything in this universe, and it was he that she chose. He was the object of her intent, and there was no room for discontent. She continued on:  
	  "Are these the reasons for which you have abandoned all that we could have been". What was worth it in the end, all of our love simply was not enough. What is our reality, but what we make of it and could we not have made it all that we needed it to 
	  be. To be owned, possesed by the power of prodigious and capricious delights, to let it take control was a breath of fresh exhiliration. "We are eternal", yet eternity was not as long as it used to be. She did not see the world beyond this, at her end 
	  she had all of reality at the tips of her fingers, and that was everything. Their body pressed on top of his, as her dismount upon him continued. 
	  
	  . and this is how you repay my kindess !
	  . for we did not have the luxury of shame, my kin. Is that the size of your dreams now ? 
	  . they stormed in, boisterously, with their pre-conceived notions and undealt misgivings
	  . I'm so sorry, dear
	  
	  - it was whispered in my ear, "you are far too different, and I can't be with here for that, so I'm leaving you". How does any one live like this, with this doubt, with any doubt ? It felt so debilitating at times, as if nothing else mattered but 
	    the thought of not being sufficient, or good enough for anything of value to occur. I would have like to thought that it helped though, to look at these thoughts and feelings, with open eyes and a clearing mind, but I could be so certain all the time
		of course, the curse of doubt and maybe the blessing of knowing.

	 
 Reverie
	- standing there, shouting my existence into being, trying to figure out what do next. The mind wandered so near and far, ebbing and flowing through as much as the attentsion span would allow in that given moment. Is this the size of your life now? 
		an echo could be heard in the distant background (imagined in the mind), were these the size of your dreams ? I had finally said: "I just want to be heard, to really FEEL like at least I am seen", even if such were not the case in reality. Feeling 
		it enough to perhaps make it do disillusionment, that the other side were not as verdant as advertised, or even better, make it to a place where I feel like there would be no feeling at all, indifferece. Was apathy not better the burden of knowing, 
		Was the tree of life nothing more than the taste of ignorance ? Maybe a lie could grow into truth, given enough time, care and careful consideration, and perhaps there is a time where I would be willing to find out the truth of such things. Now did 
		not feel like the time. Now felt like a discovery of something that may have always been there, but never yet noticed, and this unbelievable wave of grief of looking at reality in this way, with this new HEAVY light, was an adjustment to a previously 
		known reality. I felt the world was known by me, and others too maybe, but especially by me, and held in such a regard that this life were commodity, whose value was appreciating exclusively, things were headed in either the right direction, or no
		direction at all. Of course, flippantly thought, this did not appear to match the reality of everlasting (seemingly) change. Of transform, adaption, evolution, difference, and the fullest sense of bias. Here is the place I stood whilst I continued 
		to scream into this void, an acknowdged (nowly) chasm within the self. Screaming louder, heavier, breathier, "everything-er" that could be mustered in that speck of dust that had become caught in time. Where were the size of my dreams now ?(luaghngly, mockingly, snorty derision-ly siad)
		"Nowhere to be found huh ?" The mind continued further its delve into purgatory. "I suppose..." thinknig to myself "...this is what it must feel like, to feel part of the world, and think that you may not in fact be too fond of your supposed place in the 
		larger machination of the collective", it did indeed feel like it was mcuh easier when there was greater distance between myself and the experiences I saw unfold before me, but to be those expereices, that I thought only "other" could be affected by, 
		that I am now "other" in a very true sense of the word, and yet simultaneaously "other" is a force outside of myself, was feeling of conccurent loneliness yet comfort in knowing "other" was still right there by my side, even if it felt untenable 
		or untangible by my own hands. Perhaps it is difficult to see onesself as part of the world they only thought "other selves" only lived in, so then the one would not have to feel the hurt or scars of being in such a place. Learning to live now, however,
		in this "in between" space of being both a part and a seperation of this firmament, seemed like the task now at hand, a task that did not seem offered, but thrown, forcefully, unabashedly and unshamed-ly. "And maybe this is what re-invention then looks like"
		folloing a revelation of this sort/type. Grieving having felt this task thrust, screaming out all of the hardships it feels like such a duty holds. "Where are all these dreams still wandering, still going, and why does there size appear to still have 
		precedent in the order of my percieved struggles?" This was the void, a chasm which screams left and went, a chasm both from within and a chasm the seeemed to be the uncertain future that having this particular perspective now attained, would entail. 
	    I continued my shouts, for some time later. Peace may come in due time, but certainly it did not seem like it would make its visit today. "Did I not feel like part of the (my) world before all of this ?", Why were these the thoughts seeping through the crevices 
		of the mind, no amswer.

bench 
	- They laughed and played. Kissed, lived their lives, undisturbed by any other events. Those suffering and tormented by unknown calamaties, nameless assailants who knew only theiving in the night. Yet he these peeople were, before my very eyes, depicting 
	  moments of happiness, of joy, perhaps even calmness. There I was watching, also undisturbed, I thought, yet I do not feel as if I am there with them, at least not in this time. Reflection was the term used in my mind, but a bit of heart-ache, pain was 
	  was the term felt in the soul. 
	- the search was furious, it was arduous, perilous, no end to yet be seen. "How could he interrupt my life like this ?" Where were we going after the dust settled, was my life not so precious. How could it be that one day I could look up and see an empty space
	  in the presence of so many things surrounding me. The quest for meaning after, after this that and those other incidents. There was no certainty in what the next steps were. "I had to", was queitly muttered under my small, hapless breaths. "it must have 
	  had to be this way, there were no other options". We must make do with what is given ? Or could we make make what is due to us all on our own, self-invention. The lines of wood pressed into the fabric of the pants. The day seemed so helplessly beautiful, 
	  red, orange and yellow proverbial leaves blew from the trees in a wind that gently grazed the scene. There was grass, vibrant rays of sun that heaped down upon the inviting world. Verdant, trees large and small rustled in these zephyrs. The people, 
	  the animals scurrying, flying, crawling, making their way to some preset destination to satisfy a desire. The scene played out around me, reflected itself, thrusting itself at me. I continued sitting there, in the shining of the sun, in the blowing of the wind
	  int the greenness of the plants in the vitality of animals and children that played without care on earth. There was the hope that the moment would come where all would be become clear, where sense could be made and I could feel my sense of wholenesss, completeness, 
	  the "perfection" whose light I could bask in, and radiate to others and all surrounding. No such moment had taken hold, but the endless optimist does not rest. Rest was for the forgotten. Distress was the true envy of all the dead. What other measure/marker could be used
	  to determine the living. The body felt unshakebly still, and the stillness jetted out onto the scene that was around me. Even if there were perceieved chaos around me, in this moment, I felt that the only thing I would know was the affect of my life, my own living 
	  laid bare on me. The hold on my mind, cursed for feeling "stuck" and yet a blessing for feeling as if anything could happen, and it owuld not even matter, stillness would go on. Life would go on. The shackles and the freedom, both mixed with the moment, the bucolic 
	  nature of the environment. I wanted to feel no pain for a moment, but the thoughts seemed as if they would have a price that could be unmatched, even for me. Uncertainty, uncomfortable was the toll, 
	  
	
Tunnels, fields
	- Dirt, thick heavy, sifted through the clothes. It could be felt on the hands, smearing along the worns tools that continued thier plunge into the earth. These had been their days for so long, no other way of living could have even been imagined. They worked,
	  in an endless haze of the body and mind. Necesity, a mother of invention, had not been kind in support of this creation. A system that took in life and came out with stone...  
	  
- Jir
	"We always seem to just keep bumping into eachother, don't we" He said with his small, easy chuckle. I replied with a usual brand of complementary light laughter, attempting to mask a deeper pleasure I found myself having every time
	we had one of our "chance" encounters. He spun me around by the waist, pressing his body against mine from behind, pushing me into gently into the railing. He pointed toward the horizon, the sky was a clear and tranquil, a mix of light 
	orange and a very soft yet deep blue. "You see that" he said in a confident tone, "That's what we'll always have, the sky and everything below. A world full of possibilities". "Lucky us" I thought to myself. I always liked to think 
	that I enjoy these moments of passing happiness. I could smell the myriad scents of the city below, many types of food, smoke, new construction, desire.I could hear the noise of people moving about their lives. It all felt very calm, the ocean of the city, all below this moderately dark sky dotted with 
	few clouds. I liked this moment of peace, only made better by being wrapped in his arms. I felt the warmth around me, the gentle light caressing our skin. 
	..."There's no one in the world who could love you like I do" I had heard him say. My ears were glazed over. A stranger was speaking to me now in the very far distance. I began moving away from him, physcally, emotionally.
	I wanteed to fight it, it was diffcult, that I can admit. I felt not enought, mediocre, unreal, of course unwanted, but as if these actions I had taken truly had no effect on reality. I wanted to fight the struggle, the burden of wanting greatness
	yet still desiring to be kept locked away, isolated and secluded, yet still safe, eternally from any of which sought to corrupt the purity of an uninterrupted life. I wanted to continue on living as if nothing had ever happned, to feast on the apple
	from the tree of life, and live in this ignorant bliss forever. To cast the apple of knowledge from my hands, my mind, my being so that I, nor anything i knew would never be able to comprehend this slow burn of un-requited, untreated sadness, hate, love 
	happiness or even care. It was hard. The best part was that life went on, and so that was also the worst part of all it, that I went on with it too. It felt like grieving, a loss and grief that would not detach itself, and the onerous task of needing 
	(or feeling as if there was a need) to "figure  all of this out" had presented itself to me a wonderfully giftwrapped present, complete with unproducable tears, languishmnet and all.

- the birth of the fourth grand child
	"Hiii... hey there, how are you doing cutie" I said to him in my squeekiest voice. Your daughter is all smiles relayed Axel to me, with a large grin on his face as he looked at his new son.  

- a meeting with Jeraldo 
	"Hey Diurdele", "Hello Jerald" (in my most annoyed voice) we exchanged back to one another. We laughed as old friends, reminescing fondly on a " " past. A phone began buzzing. "Hey honey" came sweetly out of Jared. A small intimitate conversation took place. 
	"I'll call you back in a bit, yeah te quiero, bye". I found myself suddenly said "I'm happy for you Jerry". He smiled lightly. We both took a deep sigh, each with a look of some sort of content resoluteness about our faces.
	
	We were on the roof top. The wind was blowing quite gently and the lights of the city below sparkled as if they were the starts in sky, winking back at us. i could see the outlines of countless buidlings, sprawling forth from out little temporary J. and I had together
	for that moment. Drinks in hand, we each took a sip, I always as delicately as I could of course, and he in his heavy handed yet still quite charming way. It was the moment of reminiscence that had found us, it creeped up on us like some stranger in the night, that for 
	so long we both may have been evading, but here we were, and naturaly is was never as bad as either could have imagined it to be. I was there with him in that moment, and I think I felt he was there for me too. He we were present for eachother at this moment that I did not 
	know would be our last. "Reminds me of somewhere I've been before, looking at all of this" I said, with a slight smile. "Oh yeah is that right", he [dictated] back to me. "If this were the end everything as you know it, what would you be doing right now ?"I casually asked. 
	Some moments of expected pause were taken. I continued to feel the air of relaxedness move about us. Maybe this is what a safe space we had made for eachother would be like. "A part wanted to always wonder what a safe space with you would look like, and another part of 
    me simply wanted to let all of that go and forge my own path, not knowing if that would yield my desires to me either" I further added. Random thoughts, that always seem to be connected in the end some way came flowing from me. "That's a tough one" I heard from him. 
    "Who knows what i'd be doing now or if that's something we could ever have done for eachother, but here we are now, so maybe that says something" he went on. "Yeah, maybe it does" was what was in mind, but not immediately said. 	


- opening the door
	"Jir I... I forgive you". The cool, ever so slightly presence of relief seemed to rush over all of us like an immaculate wave. My eyes were heavy, but no tears fell from my face. I looked at them both, and they looked right back at me. Jared was motionless.
	We both took a long breath. I lookd ever so slightyl to the left, away from the two of them. I turned and began to walk away. I moved silently through the rooms, picked up the last box of my life here and walked through the front door. 
	I would not be coming back here. I loaded the car with that last box, opened the driver's side door and took my place there, closing the door behind me. I sat there for those many, long moments, gripping the steering wheel, feeling 
	the tightness of my hands, my fingers around the leather torus, eyes moving around the house in front of me on the end of this driveway. I thought I would see all of the past re-unfolding before me. All of the memories of this house and the people who 
	inhabited it for so long. The good times, the long dreary nights. The scars, bruises, laughters, the victories both small and large. I had imagined for so long this would be the moment that would make me who I am, this was my belief. It was so quiet. I 
	listened to the insects making noise right outside the vehicle. I could hear the air in the car circulated, wafting gently about my ears. I could feel the gravity of the earth keeping me in my place. I felt the seat in which I sat, the material pressing 
	along my back, the warmth of my bottom in the chair, the cool air the was entering my nose and filling my lungs. What I saw before me was a house. My hands still firmly planted on the steering wheel. "these small, little intimiate moments, were everything".
	I finally released my hands from the steering wheel, and gently touched the tips of my fingers, running the tips of one hand across the other. I looked at my hands and at last the time had come. The car was ignited, put in reverse and in but a moment 
	I was on my way, down the road of setting sun. 
	
- a campfire song
	Everyone laughed, "Aaah I was so young, come one, you really can't hold that against me now, can you" said godson in quick response. 

- the door 
	"So when you look back at all that was your life, are you satisfied at what you've done?" He asked me. I smiled and produced that light little laugh... " ". 
	I was now standing there at the door, waiting for it to beckon me to be opened. I saw the soft light caressing the frame, the knob, all the little fixtures. 
	That cool, reliable air, still filling my lungs as my breaths were dependably releasing themselves from my body whilst I stood there. "These little, small moments are everything", came a thought gently passing through my mind.
	And the whisper came to me gently saying "open the door"...
	and so I did.



PART I
J - It was just another one of those everydays, when it happened that I woke and felt the world had changed. Maybe it had been happenning for a while now, and I just didn't take the time to notice, but now the change was 
unmistakable. Could not tell you for the life of me what exactly this change was or why it was even happenning to me, but no doubt it felt like it was here to stay for while. How could I be denied ? There wasn't grounds for it. 
still I was here, for everything that was worth. It was decided at some point, whether by me or by the greater experience, that I was headed into some direction where the comforting safe track did not quite yet reach. Some oblivion
it was that a casual stroll into was being taken. He told he didn't know if he loved me, and maybe my response really was just "okay" and nothing more. There was always another side to our story and slowly it began to unfold before 
my eyes. 

MM - Did you ever end up getting that letter ? She asked me with some casualness and a bit of held in concern. Yes, I whispered back, in the smallest voice imaginable. It was all the energy I could muster in that moment. Time stopped, 
space no longer moved (around me). It was like one of the moments where there nothing to do. nowhere to be, no way to exist. It just was, in all the vastness that scoped so far beyond any sense I could ever know. Well did you read ? She hesitiated
a bit on, after some time. Unsure of my response or where I was at in this very moment, and not wanting to break what fragility she was sensing from me. "Yeah", I again responded. 

D - How anyone could have looked into those deep brown eyes and was able to say that this wasn't beautiful looking back, I did not know. I did not want to know. I wanted to yield to acknowldgement without acceptance of something that another may 
have said much be truth. The truth that maybe neither of us deserved beauty in our lives and we would never find such a thing with one another. I could not believe that, I simply did not have such a lack of that type of experience. It felt as if 
this was beauty to me, in its most completely and full form, and it touched every part of who we were together. My hands began making their way down his smooth skin, feeling every bump, groove and hair along the way. The warmth of it resonated in 
my hand. I felt those tiny curly hairs protruding from below the surface along the fingertips. I saw the eyes, the smooth and thickening lips, the curls of the hair projecting out from the head. These were the moments that had no time, when it really 
was just he and I, in the absolute vacuum of space, and that was everything. 

MM - The faces in the photographs revealed themselves to me in the cover of the reflections. There it all could be, an entire world that could be constructed, a world they had lived in for so long, and there I found myself, trying to put myself
right there in it. Desperate to cling to that connection.

I continued reading, as the tears began staining the pages of the letter. "A moment without time and space" I thought to myself. I felt like this was a moment as such. Maybe I was starting to understand, having the connection, seeing their world through my own eyes
and from that I could feel a sense of comfort moving about myself. 


J - I couldnt help but think that we were better off for having gone through all of it. The love and tragedy layed itself before us, at our feet, and Maybe we really were better for. 

D/J - 

MM - The end of my first beginning. I looked up, as I seemed to always do these days, and saw another sky, the life of another wind, another tree, leaf water, dirt, sand... "this was the life of another" I thought. "It must be". Or was this me now ? 
     How much did the times matter, if I still had an entire life to look toward. What did any individual moment really mean ? 




