

--- On the planet in the dark---
The edge of the walls glowed with thier florescent pink. The dome reached up toward the heavens of the planet. It was immense, the structure that enclosed around us, surrounded by creatures of all manner just outside. They 
clawed, scratched, beat the the edge of the barrier, tha merely reverberated in response. A light pink mist smoke, which always glowed on the backdrop of the dark planet. emenated from the wall. The light outlined 
the silhouettes of the creatures who were unbelievably despreate to break through and destroy all that lay within. The planet in its entirety had been in darkness, the sky, the land, there was no light beyond the miles high 
barrier that we were in. The sounds were loud and roaring, the chaos and hecticness beyond the walls was torrential, interminable, beyond reproach. This was the eye of the storm, and I felt the most calm and peace and security 
within the barrier of this wall surrounded by countless agents of undesired change than I had felt and a very long time.  "The ship will come when it can" I heard words say, I felt as if I was at ease in all of this. Who knew where 
we really were ? 

- back on the ship
Q.IV - We gathered around, talking about the events. Introductions went around. "This is her", "Yep, that's them" I could hear being spoken. We were waiting for the portal to return and making plans for what to do next. I sat on one of the 
cool, metalic work benches in the side chamber of ship everyone was gathering in and listenened to the conversation. 


-- on the planet of avarice (shining/tawdry/life-changing gem in the desert)
We made it to the large city, made of desert stone and where the sun weighted itself down on the earth below perpetually. One could feel the stench of wealth and high mightedness in the air. It steeped the entirety of the region. 

We began running as the chase persisted. I ran along the sided of the streets, passing beneath awnings of counltess shops and living quarters. The streets were always bustling with the busy and directed. The group had made it to a few story tall 
building that was under construction and I ran up the set of stairs. The construction site contained all the typical elements, stones, wood other materials and large machines for moving various things. I saw a crane and the two of us jumped in 

We were running still, and made our way to a a very large stone parking structure which was vastly empty. It began collapsing around us as we moved through it and I heard the words "We're going to have to jump to the bush below" Shouting from behind me. 
This was a vast structure that was built at the edge of a forest whose trees caressed the side of the building below. "No way we're making that" I heard my partner say, "We'll we must" hearing back in response. Stones, debris, dust all began tumbling down 
seemingly targetting us. There was no end in site to the collapse of this structure. We would need to escape this if we were going to survive...   We jumped down to the high rising trees at the edge of the stone garage. Despereatly attempting to cling to 
whatever branch, limb we could get within our hands... Everyone made down, we were all at the bottom of the forest floor, and on now to a new set of problems that awaited us.

---Machines of destruction (multidimensional)---

They were walking together, her in front, him leading the back. They oould see the light beginning to break through the clouds and a sense of urgency was now upon them. They knew the dark clothing the fully covered 
most of their bodies could only provide so much protection and they began to look at the field around them for shelter. The field was covered in sparsley covered, tall, thin, green and brown plants jetting out from the ground.
The leaves blowing loosley in the wind, seemingly unaware of the danger to be rained down from above. They pressed on, and as they did so, pieces of the sky began to open. A large collectoin of ligh hit him first, and she was 
just on the outside of its radius of attack. His skin began to burn immediately and he yelled in pain. She dodged the light and remained at its edge for as long as she could, and as soon as a cloud moved to cover part of barrage 
of lights, she moved in on him as he began collapsing. She nestled him up and began dragging him as best she could, moving throug this field of dirt, rocks and some plant life. The outer edge of the field, there could be seen 
high rising rocks, with various rock layers of differeing colors. She could see a platform and a broken down hut further down in the terrain they moved through.  

 she rushed frantically to the through thte middle of the sparsley covered fields, with him dragging behind. His burns from the rays that began pouring forth from the clouds had become extensive at this point. 
She thought "if I could only just get to this shelter" we'd be okay. She pushed on with his heavy body, and finally made it to the shelter. Rays from the clouds broke through more and more and she felt the burns immediately. 
As she approached the edge of the rising platform, she felt more rays hitting her skin and the damage that was being done. She moved him up onto the platform and went into the hut. The complete front of the hut was missing 
and only the three sides remained. The front roof was also missing, and the remaining roof was divided into three sections, loosley hanging together. Surrounded by all of the holes in the roof, she began to attempt to pull the 
three remaining roof pieces together before more rays from a burning sun broke through from the thick and viscous clouds above. She pulled the two halves of the roof together using the pieces of stringed material that were hanging down from the 
slowly caving in roof. As she began to pull, two pieces of the roof began falling deeper in\, with the piece farthest from her finally giving in and falling to the floor. The rays broke through again and hit the hut directly. She and he began 
burning and his screams could be heard throughout the valley. She even more frantically began attempting to salving the remaining two roof pieces and pulling them together, but to no avail. Through her pain, she as able to 
huddle up to the the piece of the roof that remained hanging above and protect herself from the suns harsh light. She saw her conrad suffering and thought of covereing him with the piece of roof that was now ground level. She reached 
her hand out and immediately recoiled as it began to burn. After several more attempts to move in the direct sunlight, she finally just made the dash toward the roof piece and hurried to through it on him, before the damage was more 
than what he could take. Succesfully mananging to through it on him to provide some reprieve, she leapt back to the hanging roof piece, and there they waited. 

[Ship scene]
The <light rail train> moved through the space barreling towards its destination. She opened the book and saw the notes inside. She saw the many descrriptions of the twelve machines, the "machines of progress" code for conssumate destruction, she read. SHe saw the fractilic nature 
and circulaar structure of their design. Her friend sitting beside her, as they discussed what all of this meant. What could these machines do? Where these the machines causing these destructive forces of nature 
that had seemingly appeared from no where on the planets they had been on previously? The shapes reminded her of those old graphs of the strange attractors she'd read about so many years ago now. Each machine more increasingly comlpex
[than the next], she continued on reading, with the hope of understanding the implications of what this journal, she'd happened upon, could tell her about the world that they were living in now. 

--The ovum(s)-- 
[sand hands]
He sat there, legs crossed, on the open floor in complete stillness. He raised his left hand and it slowly became sand. The sand began moving in circular flow motions about the air, slowly consuming the entirety of his body until he 
was the sand, moving through the air like a wind current. The sand flowed from the room into the next,

[Entering the womb]
She looked out of the dark tube she was now in. The break in was starting now. It was a bright day in the desert of red clay. They could see the black womb at th ebottom of the desert rock valley that they began to descend toward. The tubbe
 began sliding down the rocks of the crater. The crew now consisted of many, with the deliverables in smooth, black and shiny tubes, same as hers, which slid so easily down the angled walls of the huge red rock crater. He was on top of the 
tube she was in, defending of the vast swarm of entites that sought to do eevrythign to keep them from entering the giant womb at the center.  The dramatic scene pressed forward as she slid further and further down the crater. 
The entities were an endless hoard that threw themselves relentelessly at the crew slowly converging toward their target. He kicked and shot down anything their path. He lept into the air with entities putting themselves between him and her tube. 
He shot them down and landed back on here tube. The wombs defense forces were becoming increasingly more deadly as they approached... 
...he saw the openening and jumped in front of the tube pod, hitting it abrutly, which caused it to lift into the air with great force. In a moment he directed it toward the aperture and grappled on to the back of the tube as it headed toward it. 
They soared through the air into the black hole before them and in an instance they were inside a vast and dark cavern, with the light of the world behind them slowly fading away as they went deeper inside. SHe could feel the high speed
from the air that quickly rushed passed the tube and that shook her. The cavern began narrowing and soon was but a small passage with little room for error. They now in the vacuumed space rushing quickly toward some sort of ground. The tube hit the 
ground and bounced several times until finally coming to a sliding stop. The tube popped open. He[the robot] got up and dusted himself off from the crash. He went to the now open pod to wake her. Her eyes now opened and she took a deep breath inward. 
"It's in your hands now" he said as he then got up and looked around. Only moments later was their presence detected as three larger gaurd bots appeared. He engaged them in battle. He took a hit from one of the bots and it threw him toward another hole 
in thte large open room that they had fallen in. The room had a few openings way above from which the light poured through, barely illuminating the vastness of the chasm that they had entered. There were many holes in the side fo the walls of the cavern 
with the largest of the holes being at the bottom of the walls, at the gorund. He was knocked to one of the holes, and strategically led the bots to continue their fighting, into one of the holes. He dissapeared into the hole with the bots, and she was 
now alone, with only the mission to keep her comfort now. 

[The chambers]
The womb was a complex bot itself with many connected layers and levels. Chambers were contained in each of these levels, which held the newly birthed poeple. They were suspended far into the air at the center of large spherical chasms. on platforms. 
As people awoke in the silver chambers that were covered in crylstals that glowed to provide them light in the darkness of the large charms, they would exit only to be met with the large emptiness before them, beyond the platforms they stood on. 


[the tower]  
She rushed through a very long and dark tube and fell out into the largest cavern she had seen, where in the center there sat a larger [control]tower. She assumed this was one of the central control towers spec'd out from reconaissance missions previsouly. 
she saw an incredibly large amount of bots, people  and other actors at war all around her within the cavern as she hurled down toward the ground of the cavern. Flying bots and ships were shooting and flying perilously around here in the air. She made it 
to the ground surrounded by the fighting.  

	  
wooded beach:
	Eyes opened. The sun was already high in the early morning sky, bright was were the rays that fell down to the land. The rays the peered through the trees that moved sweetly int he presence of an ocean breeze. The animal smade their morning rounds, 
	sounds of squeks, sqauwks, scuddling tiny feet could be heard in the distance. The first breath was drawn in, large, round, refreshing air filling the lungs to their capacity and finding sweet release, in preperation for the next breath. My eyes 
	saw the thatched roof above them, saw the rays of the sun meandering through the landscape, reflecting on the not so distance waters, whose waves gently crashed to shore. A hand lifted to the forehead and I gently brushed an eyebrow, as a wakeful
	state began to take its full hold upon me. I continued to hear the tumble waves as I lay there in the cot. Corrugated wooden walls surrounded a small room which contained the cot I lay and some small furnitures. There were apertures on three of the 
	surrounding room walls, through which I could see the beach through one, and the wood/forest through the other two, and life, teeming, could be seen through all of them. 



The group 
	They sat in the hotel room, the four of them. The group had began the usual drinking and making all the right moves. I was sitting watching whatever the hotel room television had to offer. Lust was on their minds, 
	and I was sitting waiting patiently for what seemed inveiteable. The group moved in on me, and what little resistence I could offer, gave me some time to think about what was actually happenning. 

fence 
	- I saw her from the other  side with th rest of them. Shouting in a manner indistinguishable from the rest of those who would only seek the destruction of evreythign in our world, if only to prove a point. 
	  Fire was in her eyes, like it was in the eyes of the comrades who stood by my side, looking at the "savages" who shouted with the fury of their gods in our faces. It was a moment dubious in nature. 
	  The dust had kicked up, blowing in the faces of the crowd which had gathered, its energy growing in wildness. Resolute on both sides, the resolve of the participants that day could be visibly felt and tangible held. 
	  She moved from behind the crowd, shouting and chanting the mantras of acerbic ideology. The fire in their eyes spread to their instruments, as they lit pires a flame. 
	  
	  - are these the crimes for which you have forsaken me my love. Are these the reasons for which you have abandoned all that we could have been. What was worth in the end, what w


[scenes from the beach]
the marshes 
	The railway passed through a marsh land filled with many lakes of varying sizes.
	
the train station and abandoned rail 
	He was my brother and the poison was reaching every corner of his mind. He gained incredible strength and the ability to leap high into the air, but slowly became increasingly
	manic and uncontrolled. He stalked the rail ways, yet he and I still managed to save all those that we could.
	
On the beach 
	There were only two exposed pieces of earth left, a lower sand bar and behind, up above, a higher dune. The abandoned rail station, connected to an ancient lighthouse, sat on the far corner of the sand bar beach. The maniac was locked inside a room.
	Sandy had previously launched a boat in order to leave or predicmant on the beach, and Byron took after her in his plane not long after. Me, the boys, Eugene and the maniac were all that remained. On the high dune, say an old beach house. 
	We entered the house, looking at the slowly dilapited conditions of the first room. A hold in the floor by the entrance exposed old boards below. We walked through to the hallway on the left, to a larger room. Every room seemed cozilly small.
	In the second larger room, were many artifacts scattered about on the floors and walls. In the back of the room was a rectangular cutout int hte floor for the stairs that descending downward to a lower basement level. We walked down the two flights of stairs
	with yellowing off-white walls surrounding us in the dim light. Down in the lower level we saw many fishing and "sea life" instruments and a hanging curtain blanket hanging in the middle of the lower room. 
	
	the waves 
		The maniac had possesed the strength to breakout from the bondage of the locked room in the light house, and left a large gaping hole in his wake. We were on the beach as Euge began testing the boats he'd made, on the cool waters. 
		The boats sank, one after the other by some unknown force, and finally Eugene went into the water to check the situation. A few moments passed of nothing catching his observations and he was pulled downward suddenly in a quick movement. 
		I went into the water to see where'd he gone in the clear waters, but was unable to find him. The feeling of the presence of the force captured my senses and I came back out from the water to relay my results to the boys. Not long 
		after, the waves began. The water began rising on the sand bar beach and We quickly rushed out of it, as to not be captured by whatever force had caught Eugene. The waters began rapidly rising and we hastily made our way to the old house 
		on the high sand bar. The wooden walkways which allowed passage over the chasm that existed between the sand bar beach and high dune was old and many steps had long since fallen into the chasm below. We hoped over steeps and climbed our way 
		up to the house, were we could now clearly see the high waves fast approaching. Many waves over 20 ft in the air were cascading through the once halcyon waters, on after another. We made our way through the house, down to the lower bsaement level
		in order to find material to fashion some sort of boat for our escape. A phone rang and Byron was on the other end. I pleaded for him to fulfill his promise and return in order to save me and the boys from our present circumstance. The phone died 
		and I fought the urge of increasing panic. A large wave hit the east side of the house and the water rose above our heads. I lifted the boys up after a few moments of being completely submerged in the water. I yelled to find nails, hammers and anything
		that could be made to float, to no avail. I looked through the front door to see the nearly endless series of high waves quickly approaching our shores. 
		
		Down in the lower basement we discovered more stairs that led down into deeper depths. At the bottom of them, we found a grotto with electric boats, and we quickly prepared for our departure from this doomed beach. We quickly collected ourselves
		into the boats, as we could hear the rumblings of a house beginning to collapse. I started the engine with Aas at the helm, firmly gripping the wheel. The wooden structural supports began to shake, as the dirt from the cieling above us started 
		drizzle down upon us. The engine roaared, the waters below began swirling, bubbles furiosly rising and creating small tides in the watering hole. The boat began to take flight, expertly navigating through falling debris and protruding beams 
		that littered the path toward the egress. Light had broken our path and we were outside in the ensuing chaos. The waves were monstrously light, belling and howling all around. I could hear the engines of a plane in the distance and I looked up. 
		The plane above had began its flight and we followed in its direction. It was time for us to leave the place, forsaken. 
		
		
		
Ship
	It was so many years ago now, I can barely remember all of the faces and things I had seen. A pilot was a past life of mine. The ships were portable in those days. Could basically fit them in a bag and pull them out when needed. They would 
	expand into one of those jet like models and one could fly around in the sky as free as any other creature who owned the skies. Liked to live dangerous of course and found myself flying into the vastness of space, toward one of the construction 
	vessels that floated between the different stations. The surface of these ships were filled with endless metallic pipes, which curled, correugated, silvery and bronze serpents moving (hair of medusa. Rods and beams were all around, and I 
	ducked and hid beneath them when I landed queitly in a low spot. I moved between them as I heard the workers moving about the vessel 



- octupus
	My mind began to wonder, unfocused. The animal before me, I began imagining its experience. Looking from its eyes, it had begun feeling the effects of the fumes it had consumed. The perception of time had begun a shift 
	and there were moments of pressure from various points within its body. The feeling permeated throughout the extremities, originating deep from within. Tiny vessical? hairs began to stand on end, there was wave the 
	swayed back and forth throughout the body. There was time, bending continuously, the mind blending to and forth and the deep sense of disconcentration. Some goal was to understand the world surrounding me, I suddenly snapped 
	back. There was little cohension in the smooth substrate of the mind. The words continued on the page, I began to feel another familiar feeling where the language had become a very action to process. I could feel the 
	as if there was a change in hormone, that there was a blend, conenctying the idea of language production to the sense of self and understanding, intelligence and the collection of information. The story could not be 
	followed, as I began to feel what appeared to be hallucinations, beyond odd, seeing something through anther lense. Wanting to keep the mind in tact, seeing and hearing, sensing, perceiving some incoherent sense of existence. 
	
- on the planet of soft stone
	We consumed everything. We were the first and the last, with nothing in between. Then came the time when our eyes shifted, and we felt fear for the very first time. Our mouths quivered with the hunger that we never had knew,
	our world had began to take its shape. We had began to take shape. All that around us began to take its shape, its form, its energy, its understanding, its comprehension was a lost secret that had found its lost sibling after 
	many years. 
	
	A face rose out of the black liquid. It had a form that was impenetrable, unadulturated with deep and sensual shapes. The rest of the entity rose from the cooling swirled depths, the smooth paste falling from its corps, a smoking 
	mist wafting about. 
	
	We looked at our sun, as its essence entered into our being. We were the agents of destruction and pure entropy. 
	The time later came when the era of contruction took its control over our desires. We built over the mass of chaos that consumed evrything in its wake, as we had previously done before. We had contained it within our massive 
	structure, which then harnessed the limitless energy within for our own use. From this was born our civilization and sprouted forth the rest of our dreams. These were the earliest stories of our began held, within the minds 
	of each being who knew the meaning of this history. Touched, was the only feeling of coherence, that which bound all within its myres, serpentine bog which had no understanding of what it would mean to let go. 
	
	The world was in a dark cloud, which engulfed it, and only the strongest rays of light burst through the seams. The stone buidling, of a soft white hue, was vast and covered a great deal of the rock mountain on top of which it was build. 
	The pillars ejected from deep within the earth and surrounded the entrance, which leaned off very far to the left side. There were great stone steps, whichc emerged from the flat rock beloww, and climbed far up to the mountain toward the
	building. At the leaning entreace of the great stone edifice, were the remembrances of those who came before. They covered the sides of teh ingress and continued on well into the great hall, covered in light and curves, intermixed with the 
	soft white stone that contained all within. 
	
	His lips held fast to mine. These mouths knew more than the souls that came attached to them, for one second. 


The first peoples:
	structure:
	It must have been planted here, even before the beginning. The seeds of creation, and destruction (side note). Before darkness, light, monsters, creatures of heaven, all that lie between, it was there. Its only observation point was itself. 
	Perhaps it was the only things that also had knowing, it "knew", as eventually, after MANY time epochs, many years, in the same way that we had come to know and know things. 
	Here arrived "the aesthetic", so beautiful, glorious, hated, revered, feared, abused, fastly held and protected. 

	excitation: 
	Structure was in place, the seed had been planted. Somehow it found its nourishment, and the roots began to spread, very deep, down into the ground, who waited. Not every embrace was warming and loving, but the seed grew, it did, truly. 
	
	meaning: 
	It must all mean something, something ! was it wrong, were there no uptakes, no reservation to be made. "So what, you believe this was all pre-ordained and were a fullfillment of some greater power, another purpose", "No, you just dont get it ?!"
	"Why does anyone need to "get it"? you know". "God gave this right to us, we are merely players in the "
	
	correction: 
	And the motivation, I surmised up until that point, that there was something seriously, deeply, gravely, profounddly, fatally wrong with how these paths had lay themselves. How could this be fixed, where was the asnwer. Build a moment, a monument, and they will come, 
	from everywhere, seeking the same answers to the same questions for which the monument, the moment, was built in the first place. Normal was their answer, at least an answer that had been projected to me. I was still undecided. 
	
	birth:
	And so it happened, one day, so simply, that these hands "knew". They knew history, mathematics, philosphy, science. They could divine the future, accurately judge the past, make concerted, determined, calculated efforts in the present. These were the 
	hands, the first very hands in fact, that I had known, one of the first "truths". All things were in consumate dissaaray, but it was these that knew the answer, that understood the price to "correct" that which was once thought "irredeemable", by some. 
	The lines that moved accross them, told story, they told history and gave their own account. The eyes that saw these hands, the bumps, lines, ridges, softness, hardness, subtle 
	convultions that spread across them, these eyes had wonder, they had thouhgt. Eternity was to last forever, but now, the eyes that could see were no longer so sure. Taste had color, dust had significance, 
	the feeling of a lesser being, whose eyes watched the skies with great intent. Seeing far across the valley, looking ever toward the point of distinction, the rising of something, desperate to find a resolution in the muddles meandering lines 
	that coalasced into a dance, an array, a flurry of indeterminate affect. The deluge sprang forth from a source that was so, so very far away, in the distance, and one could hear the bustle, moving, constant shift of developing lands, sifting sands. These were the 
	days of fortune, when all and any could be claimed, in the name of the rising sun. Only the gods could have lent their hands to our destruction, and they were no where to be found. Our opportunity was offered to us, openly. Slovenly was not our way. 
	"This is mine", the very first utterance of the dawning, through which only everlasting change could fulfill the inordinate, prodigious desire that had dug, wriggled, buried its way into our souls. This must be done, there was nothing else. The eyes 
	of the builders, growers and gathers had the twinkle of the appetite. It was beatittude, everlsating joy, and unbearably horrific, with a satisfcation that was known it could never be obtained. And the time came when the sense of "self" took shape within 
    the mind. "I am" had 
	
	life:
	The earth was still fresh from the tilling from the first generation that had passed. 
	
	growth:
	
	change:
	
	vissicitude:
	The strikes have been made, the wounds, scars, aches all present, at the forefront of "progress". 
	
	fixation:
	
	death:
	The breath was shallow now. The air struggled to find its way into the lungs. 
	
	reverie:
	
	immortality:
	As long as we am here, we shall live forever, we shall never die. Never will she know what the fates had once offered to her freely, openly, palam. If you wanted wafty romantic dreams and sad pointed poignant notions, you could have stayed in that "sactuary" 
	for all the protection you could have been afforded. It means, (un)fortunately, that a way to live, had to be figured out, I had to figure out some way to live, until the very last moment has passed me by.
	
	reflection: 
	What do you want and why are you hear ? I heard the words barrelling at me as the door opened. They had no sooner tumbled down the steps before B. came up from behind me and rushed through the entrance.
	Perhaps this was only the middle of the journey, though it felt like an ending and new beginning in some ways, and still here, I stood, STILL trying to figure it out all. Still trying to figure out how to carry on
 
 
