

AFter the tale was done, after all the many stories had been told, we now took some time for ourselves, to reflect on all that had happened, to reflect on what was NATURAL, and what was the NATURAL way 
of things. In this place, There were no beginnings and endings here, only that which mattered most could survive in this place. 

P and M in the pits:
They were both now in the pit. P had brandished a small hand knife at M, as M stood, tall strong and daunting at the one end of the pit. "You dirty Mm ! I know EXACTLY what you are ! you cannot hide your true
form from me, BEAST !". M continued to look forward, with their gaze point only partially incuding the sigt of P who stood there, with such fear and hatred and anger in thier eyes, throwing every heart ache, every 
pain they had ever felt in their life at M, right now in this moment. 

Years had passed and P and M grew very close to one another, in these pits for all of this time. They had began to see eachother, as necessary, dependents on one another, they needed eachother to survive. That was the situation 
P had been met with. Both of them had changed, both of them had changed eachother, this is what was the natural way. 


Gs justification: 
"I did not know !" he shouted back, tears streaming down the gaunt face with old eyes. "I simply just did not know!" , inching slowly forward with every exhasperated word between 
heavy breaths. "they were deemed beasts, monsters, who sought only to destroy our world, OUR world, that was so peaceful, so quiet, all so calm. How can you possibly sit there and
judge me for doing what I thought was best. This was our land, it belonged to us, and no one else, and only death would keep us from it, our divine right. After all the beasts had been slain 
all the monsters sent to the depths of whatever dark crevice they crawled from, only the rightoues, the GOOD would be left at the end of the tale. This was OUR story, my story. They had lost their way, 
iredeemable. I, and all of the council, were the only solution. Destroying the rings was the only option. It was the only thing we could have done, or else all that we knew would have been lost forever.
". "Is that you want??", his voice grew in anger and spite, "The destruction... of EVERYTHING !". P looked at G in disbelief. This was another story that P knew well, and it was not always an easy pill to swallow, 
living with the belief that they existed in a perpetual zero sum game dilemma. Ms face remained stoic, stone unchanged as G spoke. I (B) remained as stoic as M as well, unsuprised by all that G had said. G repeated again
"They were monster, and we all did what had to be done, and that is it. No more stories, no more problems, only peace, everlasting. That is the only I had ever wanted, what I had desired the most in this world."

"You tried to destroy us all !" G yelled at M. "You nearly destroyed us" M replied back calmly, unaffected. M continued "We survived, of course, "

"So you know what I keep hearing ? Is that their lives never mattered to anyone here to begin with, "

G went on more "They did not think, ponder, dream, love, worry, fears... They did nothing but consume, take and destroy everything (he gasped and emotionally paused for a moment and caught his breath, then continued)... that 
was around them. That is what a BEAST is. Nothing more than a parasite, that needs to be removed. Cancerous, dangerous to all who come into contact, fatal to all of existence, even themselves. "

M spoke his words "I have heard you, you all, here today, for many days, for a lifetime I have heard you all, and yet who hear among you has heard me I say ? What you have seaid is one truth, yes, but one truth was not there 
was in this tale, another truth, many truths had been known at this time, even those days, many truths had made the fabric of our world possible. You sought to end those truths, and for a time, so did we, if I am to be honest. 
Plagues stand in the sun too, with all of their glory, and all of their horror and revilement, just like any of you"

Meeting with R in the extravegent castle: 
"But why did they want power, this power or any other for that matter ? What do you think the world would have looked like if the Os succeeded with thier plans ? It would be quite a different place no doubt, 
at least in my mind" Her words casually and easily left her lips as she lay reclining on the solid long chair covered in soft white fur. R was known for reqaliy and grace, lavishnoush and unapologetic prodigousness,  

At the local watering hole with Z:
"This is not their story alone, remember that, your voice in in there too, mixed along with all the others". He took another swig from the bottle. My look of forlorn met his gaze between 
sips. Z always had this sense of reoluteness about him, that felt so tenagible to me, that felt like I literally could touch his unmoving presence, which was perhaps not necessarliy confidence, but maybe more so a believed 
acceptance that this is how things were, whether they would change or not was a problem for a different day, but at least for today, this was the realitty and Z certainly would not be taken surprise by it, he would not fall 
into the abyss like so many others had done. "is this what security, complacency, acceptance, courage even, looked like ?" I wondered to myself as I looked upon Z, sitting at this bar, imbibing this drink. 

"When you live in a world where nothing matters, maybe then you can see that there is nothing more to lose, nor is there anything more to gain. All bases covered yeah (he chuckled a bit) you see. The simple life. A content one" Z said softly. 

"and this is how you repay my kindness ?"
"are these the sins for which you have foresaken me my love ? "



