

In the wood
	The wood was quiet that night, as we slept peacefully in the lofts. A blue tint hue had beset the forest as the dusk had settled. I had been roused from slumber and stepped out into the deepening night.
	The forest around me had the usual crepescular suspects awake at this time, insects making their humms, trees and leaves making their groans in a gently blowing zephyr. The lake not too far from our residence
	had small gentle waves rippling through to the shores of light brown, gritty sands (littoral zone). I went for a nightly stroll... upon the walk, I happened upon strange sounds and there I saw the men, armed.
	They had been dumping the bodies in the massive hole laid at thier feet and the captees they had taken were forced into the crevice as the captors set fire to them all. The screams resounded through the dark wood,
	where the fire provided the only light in the abyss... I fled unseen back to the lake... I collected my people and we ran to the woods for a great distance. "We have to get to the city !". "No we must stay in the wood,
	away from civilization! To the hills and mountains even, if we can make it", conflicting views struck the group...
	
	In the city
	She wandered through the empty streets, tall buildings hanging high ahead and paved asphalt roads littered in various [things, papers, waste materials]. She made it through the high rise apartments, business buildings,
	small bodegas,shops and flats. She could see a few souls still also wandering the streets, as not everyone had completely fled the streets or now were sheltered in place at this stage. She made to a large plaza/square 
	with a fountain and a glass/stone library building and other official government appearing buildings. The river was not too distant from her location now. Heavy sounds came from the air and she looked up to see a helicopter
	hovering in the distance over the river and buildings, and fear/dread began to fill her. A bomb was soon to follow such an omen and everyone here would be lost, that was of no doubt in her mind. She headed torward the river.
	"I have to leave the city, now" she thought to herself, "There must be an escape"...
	
	They were in the water, far below the surface, desperately searching for the tunnel passage in the stone wall jetting into the waters below. 
	
	In the distant hills



In the apartment 
	It was well into the night as the group were all huddled in the small dusky yellow,orange,light brown wall colored apartment. Conversations went on into the night and there was the moment 
	of calm cool casual social peace. 
	
  "Could you please get some more water for me please and thankyou?" I obliged my guests and stepped outside into the brisk night air. I walked down the hallway, to the fourth door 
  of the supply closet and grabbed waters and juice inside. 

In the house
  Bright afternoon sun shining and I was in the cream and bright sunbleached yellow family home, operating in the lvigin room, with clean furniture, eggshell colored walls with soft hues
  that reflected a vibrant daylight. 
  
  The children came running down the driving, shouting and laughter following with them. I could spot the book bags and jingling trinkets from the window in the house, where I stood. 
  
    